---
layout:     post
title:     How to win friends and Influence People
date:       2019-04-14 21:32:18
summary:    Review for the book Atittude is Everything
categories: 
  - Book
thumbnail: book
tags: 
  - Fourth Post
---

Hello fellow readers I am back with my next blog, which is for the book named “How to win friends and influence people” by Dale Carnegie , this is a must read book for the individuals who seek to master the social skills, how to win conversations and also to attract more frineds. This book being one of the best seller is recommended to people who wish to be great influencers. This book is very close to my heart because I have learned many things from it. Read it and I am sure you will develop awesome people skills. <br />

## About the book <br />

Attitude is Everything by Jeff Keller : Everybody knows that to complete stuff we gotta take action, we have to move from our comfort zone. But the problem with us is that we keep on thinking but never make a move. This book is a bliss , a short read but such beautifully written that the message the author wants to convey just gets pinned to your heart. Attitude is the things which matters the most, winning attitude , a champion like attitude is the things which will take you ahead from most of the people. Finding good in everything is the thing which Positive attitude develops.
Reading this book will help you in always a win win attitude and you will never difficulty in atleast positive insights of particular things . <br />  
This book is interesting because the author conveys his messages through real life examples which he or some of his friends had faced during the years, one of them being to praise somebody. We are always ready to criticize people but we rarely praise, by logic vice versa should happen, these are the things which we know but we ignore to follow. The author says how to follow these things in our daily routine that these things start to strike in your mind. <br />  
The best thing this book teaches is how to let the other person whom you want to influence or befriend speak and how to think from his point of view. While reading this book the author makes you to think about the scenario and get involved. I surely believe this has helped me in getting to know things better .<br />  
This book is suggested to all those individuals who want to become a master at people skills and attract friends.<br />  
Thanks !