---
layout:     post
title:     How to win friends and Influence People
date:       2018-09-22 21:32:18
summary:    Review for the book How to win friends and Influence People
categories: 
  - Book
thumbnail: book
tags: 
  - Third Post
---

Hello fellow readers I am back with my next blog, which is for the book named “How to win friends and influence people” by Dale Carnegie , this is a must read book for the individuals who seek to master the social skills, how to win conversations and also to attract more frineds. This book being one of the best seller is recommended to people who wish to be great influencers. This book is very close to my heart because I have learned many things from it. Read it and I am sure you will develop awesome people skills. <br />

## About the book <br />

"How to win friends and influence people", anyone would love to have people getting along with them but don't know how to do it. This book will surely make you learn these things. There are tips for everyday which we know matters but we ignore it every now and then for example when you see a person just smile at him/her and he will smile back to you and tada the conversation starts. We know that a small smile can do wonders but we carry dull face all day around and seeing that nobody is interested to talk to you. This book contains many tips like we should never criticize, let the other person speak, understand other one's point of view and many more . <br />  
This book is interesting because the author conveys his messages through real life examples which he or some of his friends had faced during the years, one of them being to praise somebody. We are always ready to criticize people but we rarely praise, by logic vice versa should happen, these are the things which we know but we ignore to follow. The author says how to follow these things in our daily routine that these things start to strike in your mind. <br />  
The best thing this book teaches is how to let the other person whom you want to influence or befriend speak and how to think from his point of view. While reading this book the author makes you to think about the scenario and get involved. I surely believe this has helped me in getting to know things better .<br />  
This book is suggested to all those individuals who want to become a master at people skills and attract friends.<br />  
Thanks !